NOW TO A STORY THAT WILL
WARM YOUR HEART.   A MOTHER IS
REUNITED WITH HER PUPPIES,
DAYS AFTER THEY WERE TOSSED
FROM A BRIDGE.
WE TOLD YOU FRIDAY ABOUT
FOUR PUPPIES THAT WERE FOUND
ON THE SIDE OF THE ROAD IN
MIAMI COUNTY.   POLICE SAY
29-YEAR-OLD STEVEN BIXLER, AND
HIS GIRLFRIEND, 36-YEAR-OLD
SHONDA LEE, CONFESSED TO THE
CRIME.    TODAY, LEE TURNED
THE MOTHER OF THE PUPPIES OVER
TO THE ANIMAL SHELTER.
ALEXA ASHWELL IS LIVE WITH
TODAY'S TOUCHING REUNION.
OFFICIALS WITH THE ANIMAL
SHELTER TELL ME EVERY ANIMAL
THEY TAKE IN HAS A SAD STORY.
THANKFULLY, THIS ONE HAS A
HAPPY ENDING.    THE PUPPIES
TOOK QUITE A FALL, BUT THEY
COULDN'T HAVE LANDED IN A
BETTER PLACE.
MEET PRECIOIUS AND HER FOUR
PRECIOUS PUPPIES.   ALL ...
FULL OF ENERGY AFTER BEING
REUNITED AT THE MIAMI COUNTY
ANIMAL SHELTER.    10:18 "THEY
WERE VERY EXCITED.  VERY
HAPPY. A LOT OF PLAYFUL
ACTIVITY." :23    SHERIFF
DEPUTY SARAH FRALEY DISCOVERED
THE 10-WEEK-OLD LAB MIX PUPS
NEAR THE BRIDGE.    SHE
CONVINCED THE OWNER TO ALSO
TURN OVER THEIR 2-YEAR-OLD
MOTHER.    SHELTER OFFICIALS
SAY IT WAS RIGHT THING TO DO.
13:53 "WHEN YOU HAVE YOUR
BABIES TAKEN AWAY FROM YOU,
YOU WONDER WHAT HAPPENED WHATS
GOING ON. WHERE ARE MY BABIES.
AT LEAST NOW SHE HAS SEEN THEM
AND KNOWS THEY ARE FINE." :05
PRECIOUS IS NOW ALSO IN NEED
OF A LOVING HOME.    13:03
"SHE IS GOING TO BE A GOOD
DOG. SHE JUST NEEDS PROPER
NUTRITION AND JUST SOMEBODY TO
LOVE HER." :09    AND JUDGING
BY THE NUMBER OF PHONE CALLS
... IT WON'T BE A PROBLEM TO
FIND PEOPLE TO LOVE HER TWO
BOY AND TWO GIRL PUPS.    THE
SHELTER HAS ALREADY RECEIVED
MORE THAN 100 ADOPTION
APPLICATIONS ... AND COUNTING.
20:15 "I'D LIKE TO HAVE A
DOG AND MY WIFE GAVE ME
PERMISSION TO GET A DOG." :18
EVEN THOSE WHO AREN'T
INTERESTED IN ADOPTING ARE
HELPING.    04:27 "WE BROUGHT
FOOD IN. THEY ADVERTISED IN
THE PAPER THEY NEEDED FOOD SO
WE BROUGHT A COUPLE PACKETS OF
FOOD BACK HERE." :32
SHELTER OFFICIALS SAY THEY ARE
GRATEFUL FOR THE COMMUNITY'S
OVERWHELMING SUPPORT IN
HELPING THESE PUPPIES AND
THEIR MOTHER BEAT THE ODDS.
15:31 "WE'VE BEEN REALLY
PLEASED WITH THE RESPONSE."
IF YOU ARE INTERESTED ...
CALL SHELTER AT 332- 6919.
OR FOR MORE INFORMATION VISIT
OUR WEBSITE, WDTN-DOT-COM.
RL AA 2NEWS.